capital = 

oob = "NAV_1936"

set_stability = 0.32
set_war_support = 0.84

set_research_slots = 4
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	marines  = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	base_strike = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1936"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
	set_oob = "JAP_1936_nsb"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		cruiser_submarines = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval"
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1936_naval_legacy"
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 400
add_ideas = {
	
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 0
}

recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_emperor_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_tomoyuki_yamashita
recruit_character = JAP_hisaichi_terauchi
recruit_character = JAP_shunroku_hata
recruit_character = JAP_akira_muto
recruit_character = JAP_kanji_ishiwara
recruit_character = JAP_shizuichi_tanaka
recruit_character = JAP_yasuji_okamura
recruit_character = JAP_toshizo_nishio
recruit_character = JAP_rikichi_ando
recruit_character = JAP_naruhiko_higashikuni
recruit_character = JAP_seishiro_itagaki
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_sakai
recruit_character = JAP_kenji_doihara
recruit_character = JAP_kenkichi_ueda
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_honjo
recruit_character = JAP_yoshijiro_umezu
recruit_character = JAP_otozo_yamada
recruit_character = JAP_hatazo_adachi
recruit_character = JAP_iwane_matsui
recruit_character = JAP_sadao_araki
recruit_character = JAP_keisuke_fujie
recruit_character = JAP_kiichiro_higuchi
recruit_character = JAP_masaharu_homma
recruit_character = JAP_harukichi_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_jo_iimura
recruit_character = JAP_hitoshi_imamura
recruit_character = JAP_masatane_kanda
recruit_character = JAP_kuniaki_koiso
recruit_character = JAP_isoroku_yamamoto
recruit_character = JAP_mineichi_koga
recruit_character = JAP_kiyoshi_hasegawa
recruit_character = JAP_shigeyoshi_inoue
recruit_character = JAP_nobutake_kondo
recruit_character = JAP_takeo_takagi
recruit_character = JAP_soemu_toyoda
recruit_character = JAP_jisaburo_ozawa
recruit_character = JAP_zengo_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_hiroaki_abe
recruit_character = JAP_tadashige_daigo
recruit_character = JAP_gengo_hyakutake
recruit_character = JAP_yoshitoshi_tokugawa
recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_korechika_anami
recruit_character = JAP_mitsuo_fuchida
recruit_character = JAP_minoru_genda
recruit_character = JAP_tateo_kato
recruit_character = JAP_osami_nagano
recruit_character = JAP_torashiro_kawabe
recruit_character = JAP_shigetaro_shimada
recruit_character = JAP_yoshio_nishina
recruit_character = JAP_hideo_itokawa
recruit_character = JAP_kanin_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_matome_ugaki
recruit_character = JAP_nishizo_tsukahara
recruit_character = JAP_hajime_sugiyama
recruit_character = JAP_chuichi_nagumo
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_mitsumasa_yonai
recruit_character = JAP_takuo_godo
recruit_character = JAP_chiune_sugihara
recruit_character = JAP_kingoro_hashimoto
recruit_character = JAP_sanzo_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroshi_oshima
recruit_character = JAP_kijuro_shidehara

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Yoshiko Kawashima"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_yoshiko_kawashima
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		female = yes
		nationalities = { MAN JAP CHI }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Takeo Yoshikawa"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_takeo_yoshikawa
		traits = { }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { JAP }
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
	# 1936 Start #
		### Carrier Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Akagi Class"
			type = carrier_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_deckspace_upgrade = 5
				carrier_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Battleship Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ise Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_armor_upgrade = 1
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nagato Class"
			type = battleship_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				ship_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_armor_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 4
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Heavy Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Myoko Class"
			type = heavy_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_armor_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 3
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Light Cruiser Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kuma Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 2
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sendai Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			parent_version = 1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
				ship_engine_upgrade = 3
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		### Destroyer Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fubuki Class"
			type = destroyer_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
				destroyer_engine_upgrade = 4
				ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
			}
		}	
		### Submarine Variants	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kaidai III Class"
			type = submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 3
				sub_engine_upgrade = 3
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
			}
	obsolete = yes
}	
